So let's add some tabs to the places page now. Tabs are a common navigation concept you see in mobile
apps, you can of course use them on web apps just as well but you especially see them in mobile apps
and tabs basically allow you to, well press the different tabs in the bottom tab bar and then load different
pages based on which tab you pressed.
One important takeaway is that you will have separate navigation page stacks and that just means that
when you are in tab one, so on the left side here and there let's say you have a button which takes you
to some child page and you go there and then you press the other tab without going back first, then on
the other tab, you also go to let's say a child page and another child page, so you have three pages
on the page stack on the right tab and two pages on the page stack in the left
tab. If you then go back from the right tab to the left tab, you'll go back to that previous page stack
with the two pages
and if you go back to the second tab, you'll go back to that stack page.
So the separate page stacks are kept around and are separated from each other so they don't mix or anything
like that and
that of course is very useful for making sure that navigation is stored and users don't reset their
navigation by using tabs which would be a strange user experience.
So how do we implement the tabs into our application then?